[Music]
do you know how to drive a stick I'm so
sorry
we know how to change it here what's a
gear okay
we just want to talk about your
boyfriend but he dumped me juicy I I'm
sorry what some bad people are after me
the other after I don't know could you
dated the spy i find up
it's a flashdrive you have to swallow it
before they come back there is no
turning back
or semi-professionals at this point
professional we are professional
[Music]
[Applause]
I'll tell you anything you wanna know
I've never kept a secret in my life
Audrey shaves between her boobs Morgan
flosses with her hair juniors about
minions just the one minion with the one
eye she googled it on my computer and
now I get a lot of weird ad
[Music]